# **`octapush.docs`**
Quoted from [GitHub Guide](https://guides.github.com/features/wikis/):

> Good documentation is key to the success of any project. Making documentation accessible enables people to learn about a project; making it easy to update ensures that documentation stays relevant.
>
> Two common ways to document a project are _README_ files and _wikis_:
> - README files are quick and simple way for other users to learn more about your work
> - Wikis on github help you present in-depth information about your project in useful way.

Referring to the above quotation, **`octapush.docs`** tries to combine the capabilities of these two things into a single entity and makes it easier for you to publish them according to your needs. And in the presentation, the documentation that you have created will be displayed in a structured (on the side menu) only based on the location of the file to the folder container.

**`octapush.docs`** is a web-based application designed to automate and make it easier for you to create/produce documentation for each of your products. So you do not have to bother to make a documentation application that is structured, but easy in the presentation and easy on updating your documentation.

With `octapush.docs`, you simply change (create, update, or delete) your documentation files, and save those files in [GitHub](https://github.com). So, your documentation is ready to use.

As a simple explanation, **`octapush.docs`** is a file explorer (and viewer) for your documentation files stored in [GitHub](https://github.com). And display it according to the format of each file.

----

# Reasons to Use **`octapush.docs`**
1. No need coding ability.
2. **`octapush.docs`** is designed with a simple and beautiful look.
3. **`octapush.docs`** using a responsive design that supports a wide range of the latest browser technologies both on desktop computers and on mobile browsers technology.
4. **`octapush.docs`** makes it easy to present your documentation, by updating (create, update, remove) your files from [GitHub](https://github.com), then **`octapush.docs`** will be updated automatically.
5. Collaborative. Of course. Since we have used GitHub to put documentation files, so you can work together with your team to manage the documentations.
6. Have capability to handle lot file types. Although specially designed to handle [_MARKDOWN_](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Markdown) file, **`octapush.docs`** still supports other files like _HTM, HTML, XHTML, JPG, BMP, GIF, PNG, JS, CSS, C, TXT, and/or other file types_.
7. Code preview with auto detect language support.
8. Simple forum for each your document (next feature).
9. You can host **`octapush.docs`** anywhere you want. But, in the future we will add free hosting and free subdomain (for the detail, see [Next Improvement](#next-improvement) section).
10. Easy installation. **`octapush.docs`** is designed only by using HTML5 and JavaScript technology to perform dynamic actions. So you do not have to worry about the type of _web-server_, version, or type of _operating-system_ you have. **`octapush.docs`** is only processed on the _client-side_. For the _server-side_, we use features from the [GitHub API](https://api.github.com/).
11. Easy configuration. **`octapush.docs`** designed with easy and very minimal configuration.
12. Lightweight, and not needing hosting with big bandwidth.

----

# How To Use
To use **`octapush.docs`**, you only need to follow 4 easy steps like the following:
1. Download the full package of **`octapush.docs`** from our [download page](#/02.Download.md).
2. Extract and configure the **index.html** and **configs.js** files as per your requirements.
3. Create your documentation files (it is recommended to use the file [_MARKDOWN_](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Markdown) with extension MD) and place the files on [GitHub](https://github.com).
4. Upload extracted files on the web server.

And then FINISH. 

After following four steps above, you can use and access your documentation.

To get details information about how to configuring **`octapush.docs`** you can see it from **Configuration Sections**.

----

# Next Improvement
We have lot improvement ideas (plans), there are (included but not limited to):
- Free Hosting with free subdomain.
- Add Comment for each documentation page.
- Multi languages page.
- Theme changer.
- etc..

You can see our other plans from [here](https://github.com/octapush/octapush.docs/projects/1?fullscreen=true).

----

# Issues and/or Bugs
Of course, since we as human sometimes doing some error or mistake. So, We have listed our issues in [here](https://github.com/octapush/octapush.docs/issues).

And, If you get any bug's or error's on **`octapush.docs`**, you can report to us [on this page](https://github.com/octapush/octapush.docs/issues/new).

We will fix all of the issues and/or bugs as soon as possible.

----

# Fork And Download

You can [fork](https://github.com/octapush/octapush.docs) or [download](#/02.Download.md) **`octapush.docs`** with certain [license](#/07.License.md).

Because I built **`octapush.docs`** alone, the **`octapush.docs`** development process becomes very slow and limited. If you are willing, you can help me with the various ways you can (ideas, concepts, techniques, development assistance, criticism, etc.). Do not hesitate, contact me through [the following link](#/10.About.md).